# case_study_heroku
## Devin Landeros
Heroku is a developmental tool that offers many important tools, which will keep the team on track and linked together. An affordable and flexible set of price ranges the, Heroku development tool is suitable for various types of companies that are wanting to develop apps. 
  Heroku allows you to have direct control over whether or not tested code, is moved to the next stage manually or automatically using pipelines. Pipelines are the bread and butter of Heroku, after creating and naming a pipeline you are ready to get to work. Pipelines can be managed on a single page, providing a visual overview of the project. Once the code for a build has been completed and tested, the pipeline can then be promoted to the next appropriate stage. 
  Heroku also allows you to integrate GitHub accounts, allowing you to manual or automatic branch deployments. Additionally once GitHub is linked Heroku CI can be turned on, this is a test runner provided with your Heroku service. Heroku Chat Ops is also included giving your team a visual representation of your development workflow. Pull requests and CI build results are shown, as well as promotions. 
  Finally when your project is ready for production, the project is run through Heroku’s Release Phase. Release Phase lets you run tasks before production, like Running a database migration. Failed Release Phases are not deployed, and leave the current release unaffected. Heroku is a powerful tool that streamlines the development process, giving your team the flow it needs for testing environments.
